## Goals

Assignment 2. Working with requirements and tests
 * Terms: Individual assignment, no code may be copied from other students or any other source. 
   Grade assigned from requirement fullfillment, the more requirements fullfilled the better grade.
 * Starts: When the assignment is published on the course web. 
 * Deadline: See deadline document
 * Examination: Automatic assessment of completed requirements. 
 * Feedback: Help is given during tutoring time and slack.

After completing the assignment the student should have...
 * ...worked with tools and servers
 * ...read and successfully implemented requirements with PHP
 * ...tested those requirements carefully.
 * ...created an application with functionality similar to the example application.
 
## Rules

Examiner sets the degree using the following:
 * Requirement fulfillment through manual and automated testing

### The set of minimum requirements for approved is:
* Solution has been submitted before the deadline
* Code should be available on a public git repository. 
* The application must be deployed on a public web server, the server must be available to the examiner for the rest of the course.
* The Assignment is done individually! You are not allowed to copy or take solutions from others.
* No code is copied from others, student has worked alone
* No external code except the code given in task, no libraries are used
* No javascript is used
* HTML follows [web standards](https://validator.w3.org/)
* Application can be tested with the automated test application.
* Code has one single page (index.php) 
* Your solution will/may be shared with other students after the deadline.
* The application is written in PHP.

### Requirement fulfillment
 * The more testcases that are fullfilled, the better
   * 50%->59% Grade E
   * 60%->69% Grade D
   * 70%->84% Grade C
   * 85%->95% Grade B
   * 95%->100% Grade A
 * Test-cases should be manually and automatically testable (using the test application).
 * The application is well tested even outside of the explicit tests
 * Application works as the example implementation

## Task 1. Explore requirements, example application, and test-cases.

The requirements of the application consists of four use-cases.

[Use Cases](https://github.com/dntoll/1dv610/blob/master/assignments/A2_resources/UseCases.md "Assignment 2 use-cases")

For each of the use-cases there are a number of test-cases. The test cases are given in the following format. 
 * Input, steps to do. In some cases another test-case, if so do the input steps of that test-case.
 * Output, things you should observe or not observe if the test-case is successful.
 * Image, an image of the result after Input steps are done.
 
Testing of the application requires two different browsers, and a tool to manipulate cookies, like "firebug".

[Test Cases](https://github.com/dntoll/1dv610/blob/master/assignments/A2_resources/TestCases.md "Manual Test-Cases"), These are the test cases for the corresponding use-cases

[Example Solution](http://csquiz.lnu.se:25081/index.php "Application To test requirements on"). This is an example solution for assignment 2. It fulfills all the test-cases above, if your solution works as this you are ok.

[Automated tests Application](http://csquiz.lnu.se:25083/index.php "Application To test your on"). This is an automated acceptance test system to speed up the testing process. 

## Task 2. Copy the code and get your servers set up.

Now its time to implement the requirements using use-cases and test-cases.

### Get the startup code
The assignment will be tested using a Automated unit test application. To allow this we will first copy the interface application for that project on GitHub. 

 * Download https://github.com/dntoll/1dv610/blob/master/assignments/A2_resources/startup.zip 
 * On your GitHub account, create a new repository
 * Clone that repository 
 * Add the content of the zip file to your repository, commit and push to origin master
  * Unzip the files into your repository 
  * git add -A .
  * git commit -m "first commit"
  * git push origin master
 * Browse your files on github You should see the files from startup.zip

### Get the startup code running locally

You are going to develop locally and make "releases" to a public server. This means you need to setup both a local server and a public server.

 * Startup a local PHP server and configure it
 * browse to local server(For example http://localhost:8080/ ) and check that you see the correct output with a header of "Assignment 2".
 * [Test Application With startup code](http://csquiz.lnu.se:25082/index.php "Application With startup code running"). This is an deployment of the startup code, it does not fulfill more than 5% of the requirements. When you deploy the startup code it should look like this.

### Make a release to a public web server

In order to hand in this project you must have a public web-server that is online 24-7. There are many possible solutions
 * you could host yourself if you have a public IP-adress and wants to keep a server up and running
 * you could buy hosting from a web-hotel
 * you could use a free hosting such as http://www.000webhost.com/ (PHP 5.2)

#### Test your release
 * Transfer your files to the server, for example by FTP, SFTP, or git.
 * Browse to the server and make sure you see the output of the PHP-scripts
 * Go to http://csquiz.lnu.se:25083/index.php and enter your server adress with your user-id
  * press Check
  * you should get a "Estimated score on assignment: X%." and a LOT of errors

### Task 3. Implement the requirements.

 * while (you have requirements to implement)
  * Implement a requirement
  * Test locally using the manual test-cases
  * Commit and push to repository
 * Release code to server
  * Go to http://csquiz.lnu.se:25083/index.php and enter your server adress with your user-id
  * Fix problems locally, then release to server and retest

## Assignment submission

 * Commit and push to GitHub
 * Upload latest version on public server
 * Run http://csquiz.lnu.se:25083/index.php against your public server
 * Fill in the submission form here: [Subission form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScdW9Wu_nw9zGJgr87nlkrBAbk5xDDekhAiVEPSKd_KxKZdZw/viewform)
