##Goals

Assignment 4. Working with requirements and tests
 * Terms: Individual assignment, no code may be copied from other students or any other source. Please note that this is especially important now that you have seen other peoples code on the workshops!
   Grade assigned from requirement fullfillment(50% of grade) like A2 but combined with a manual examination by examiner(50% of grade).
 * Starts: When the assignment is published on the course web.
 * Deadline: See deadlines
 * Examination: Automatic assessment of completed requirements and manual examination
 * Feedback: Help is given during tutoring time and slack. Students will receive feedback by email from the examiner when all handins have examined.

After completing the assignment the student should have...
 * ...done a second iteration on a system
 * ...had the chance to focus on code quality 
 
## Rules

Examiner sets the degree using the following:
 * Requirement fulfillment
 * Quality of handin.

###The set of minimum requirements for getting a grade (may be F)
* Solution has been submitted before the deadline
* Code should be available on a public git repository. 
* The application must be deployed on a public web server, the server must be available to the examiner for the rest of the course.
* The Assignment is done individually! You are not allowed to copy or take solutions from others.
* No code is copied from others, student has worked alone
* No external code except the code given in task, no libraries are used
* No javascript is used
* HTML follows [web standards](https://validator.w3.org/)
* Application can be tested with the automated test application.
* Code has one single page (index.php) Its ok to have another page for testing 
* The application is written in PHP.

###Examination criteria 1. Requirement fulfillment (50% of grade)
* The more testcases that are fullfilled, the better
  * 50%->59% Grade E
  * 60%->69% Grade D
  * 70%->84% Grade C
  * 85%->95% Grade B
  * 95%->100% Grade A
* Test-cases should be manually and automatically testable (using the test application).
* The application is well tested even outside of the explicit tests
* Application works as the example implementation

###Examination criteria 2. Code and Solution Quality (50% of grade)
The examininer will do a subjective code review on the git-repository and judge the code on the following.

Each criteria (1-4) is given a grade 0-4 on the following scale:
* 0. Not even an attempt
* 1. Fail
* 2. Sufficient (bare minimum)
* 3. Good (Some qualities)
* 4. Excellent (All is good)

Grade on criteria 2 is set by the following
 * A. All 4s
 * B. All 3s, some better
 * C. All 3s
 * D. All 2s, some better
 * E. All 2s
 * F. Some 0 or 1

* 1. Code is Object Oriented. (as discussed on lectures and course literature)
 * No string dependencies (especially avoid on superglobal arrays)
 * Dependencies are encapsulated (eg. Database, superglobals etc)
 * Code has an architecture eg. MVC
 * Low coupling
 * Information Expert
 * Law of Demeter
* 2. Code is Clean. (as discussed on lectures and course literature)
 * Meaningful names
 * Self explanatory code and well commented
 * Avoids using arrays with something that is a class
 * Style
 * Errors are handled well
 * High abstraction level as discussed on lectures
* 3. Project is represented well (For example on GitHub)
 * Status: What is implemented, or not?
 * Describe how to test?
 * Describe how to install?
 * No passwords in git!
 * There is a git history
* 4. General impression
 * Examiners overall subjective impression
 


## Task 1. Explore requirements, example application, and test-cases.

The requirements of the application consists of four use-cases.

[Use Cases](https://github.com/dntoll/1dv610/blob/master/assignments/A2_resources/UseCases.md "Assignment 2 use-cases")

For each of the use-cases there are a number of test-cases. The test cases are given in the following format. 
 * Input, steps to do. In some cases another test-case, if so do the input steps of that test-case.
 * Output, things you should observe or not observe if the test-case is successful.
 * Image, an image of the result after Input steps are done.
 
Testing of the application requires two different browsers, and a tool to manipulate cookies, like "firebug".

[Test Cases](https://github.com/dntoll/1dv610/blob/master/assignments/A2_resources/TestCases.md "Manual Test-Cases"), These are the test cases for the corresponding use-cases

[Test Application](http://csquiz.lnu.se:81/ "Application To test requirements on"). This is an example solution for assignment 2. It fulfills all the test-cases above.

[Automated tests Application](http://csquiz.lnu.se:82/ "Application To test your on"). This is an automated acceptance test system to speed up the testing process. 

## Task 2. Copy the code and get your servers set up.

Now its time to implement the requirements using use-cases and test-cases.

### Get the startup code
The assignment will be tested using a Automated unit test application. To allow this we will first copy the interface application for that project on GitHub. 

 * Download https://github.com/dntoll/1dv610/blob/master/assignments/A2_resources/startup.zip 
 * On your GitHub account, create a new repository
 * Clone that repository 
 * Add the content of the zip file to your repository, commit and push to origin master
  * Unzip the files into your repository 
  * git add -A .
  * git commit -m "first commit"
  * git push origin master
 * Browse your files on github You should see the files from startup.zip

### Get the startup code running locally

You are going to develop locally and make "releases" to a public server. This means you need to setup both a local server and a public server.

 * Startup a local PHP server and configure it
 * browse to local server(For example http://localhost:8080/ ) and check that you see the correct output with a header of "Assignment 2".
 * [Test Application With startup code](http://csquiz.lnu.se:84/ "Application With startup code running"). This is an deployment of the startup code, it should not fulfill so much of the requirements.

### Make a release to a public web server

In order to hand in this project you must have a public web-server that is online 24-7. There are many possible solutions
 * you could host yourself if you have a public IP-adress and wants to keep a server up and running
 * you could buy hosting from a web-hotel
 * you could use a free hosting such as http://www.000webhost.com/ (PHP 5.2)

Test your release
 * Transfer your files to the server, for example by FTP, SFTP, or git.
 * Browse to the server and make sure you see the output of the PHP-scripts
 * Go to http://csquiz.lnu.se:82/ and enter your server adress with your user-id
  * press Check
  * you should get a "Estimated score on assignment: X%." and a LOT of errors

###Task 3. Implement the requirements.

 * while (you have requirements to implement)
  * Implement a requirement
  * Test locally using the manual test-cases
  * Commit and push to repository
 * Release code to server
  * Go to http://csquiz.lnu.se:82/ and enter your server adress with your user-id
  * Fix problems locally, then release to server and retest

## Assignment submission

 * Commit and push to GitHub
 * Upload latest version on public server
 * Run http://csquiz.lnu.se:82/ against your public server
 * Fill in the submission form here: [Subission form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScdW9Wu_nw9zGJgr87nlkrBAbk5xDDekhAiVEPSKd_KxKZdZw/viewform)
